---
title: "28th National Retail Conference and Stores Asia Expo (NRCE) 2022"
date: 2022-08-01
image: /covers/retail.png
description: "11-12 August 2022"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---


<!-- Monday, August 1, 2022 -->


Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | 28th National Retail Conference and Stores Asia Expo (NRCE) 2022
Who | Philippines Retailers Association (PRA)
When | 11-12 August 2022

---

This is the flagship event -- the largest gathering of retail leaders, shopping centre developers, and retail service providers. 

The event is the go-to platform that brings top industry professionals, experts, and service providers in the Philippines together to discuss the latest trends and technological innovations needed to reset and grow the retail business in the post-pandemic era. This is the first time since 2019 that NRCE will provide large-scale networking, learning, and collaboration in a live physical manner.


## ETP is the Platinum Sponsor at NRCE 2022.

ETP Group is Asia’s leading enterprise-class retail technology company. 

It is enabling both brick and mortar as well as online retailers to embrace unified commerce and drive their brands and customer relationships in a seamless manner. ETP brings you two outstanding products – ETP V5 and Ordazzle, with localisation in 24 countries across the Asia Pacific. 

ETP V5 includes omni-channel modules like POS, CRM, Promotions, and Analytics so you can drive more traffic to stores, have a higher fulfilment percentage, and gain customer loyalty. ORDAZZLE is an e-commerce management platform that elevates the entire e-commerce journey so you can process millions of orders/day, meet delivery SLAs, and improve margins with marketplace reconciliations. And so much more!

Mr. Naresh Ahuja, Chairman & CEO, ETP Group will be speaking about ‘The Journey to Amazing Customer Moments’. Catch this stimulating presentation at 10:10 am on Day 2 of the event at Main Stage 1.

This year, the event will also feature a new project – Showroom: Stores of the New Normal – inside the exhibit hall to highlight the latest store designs, equipment, featured digital apps, new technology solutions, and much more that retailers and entrepreneurs need to future-proof their stores in the new retail arena. ETP will be part of this exciting concept and will showcase its mobility solutions for both online and physical retail.

Do visit us at the ETP Booth No. 49 & 56 at NRCE 2022 to know more about how ETP can help you elevate your retail performance and e-commerce business. You could also find us at the Store of the New Normal, where you can connect with the ETP team to gain insights on how to kick off your journey to creating amazing customer experiences.


