---
title: "Malaysia - Philippines Palm Oil Trade Fair & Seminar"
date: 2022-08-17
description: "AI is autonomous and not artificial because it is derived from natural intelligence"
image: /covers/agri.png
icon: /icons/tin.png
author: Tin Gonzales
---


<!--  Addressing Philippines Oils & Fats Diversity Through Malaysia Palm Oil -->

<!-- Manila, Aug 17, 2022 -->

The Malaysian Palm Oil Council (MPOC) has assured its Palm Oil Trade Fairs and Seminar (POTS) in the Philippines (POTS Philippines 2022) 

In a statement, MPOC said POTS Philippines 2022 is aimed at bringing together reputable Malaysian palm oil industry players to meet with existing and potential users of palm oil in the Philippines from various sectors, with the aim of developing long and successful business relations.  

## Speakers

Speakers at the one-day seminar were prominent local industry captains and international experts from Malaysia, Europe and the Philippines. 

In her keynote address, Plantation Industries and Commodities Minister Datuk Zuraida Kamaruddin highlighted the significance of the Philippines as a trade partner and important user of Malaysian palm oil.


{{< q >}}
<p>The Philippines is the sixth largest importer of Malaysian palm oil in 2021. With an import volume recorded at almost 580,000 tonnes in 2021, it is a testimony that the Philippines is very important to the Malaysian palm oil industry</p>
<cite>Datuk Zuraida Kamaruddin</cite>
{{< /q >}}


Palm oil is the major oil consumed in the Philippines, followed by locally-produced coconut oil, accounting for 77% of the total usage of all oils and fats. 

Zuraida said POTS Philippines provides a valuable platform for those in the oils and fats business to meet and explore not only business collaborations and opportunities, but also establish trade partnerships. 

She expressed confidence that the event would widen collaborations between Malaysian and the Philippines' oils and fats industry players.


{{< q >}}
<p>This event offers the business communities, particularly from Malaysia, [the opportunity] to synergise and strengthen existing partnerships that have been nurtured over the years, as well as explore new potential for cooperation</p>
<cite>Datuk Zuraida Kamaruddin</cite>
{{< /q >}}


Themed “Addressing Philippines’ Oils and Fats Diversity Through Malaysian Palm Oil”, POTS Philippines 2022 aspires to establish and continue to complement the Philippines’ growing oils and fats needs, stemming from the country’s rapid economic growth.
