---
title: "Department of Agriculture Supports The Livestock International Trade Show 2022"
date: 2022-08-17
image: /covers/agri.png
icon: /icons/tin.png
author: Tin Gonzales
draft: true
---


The Department of Agriculture (DA) will extend its full support for the 5th edition of Livestock Philippines – the country’s biggest international trade show for the poultry, livestock, aquaculture, and feed market.

Livestock Philippines is the International Trade Fair for Innovative Production and Processing for Poultry and Livestock that brings together local and foreign exhibitors, as well as trade visitors including industry professionals, key stakeholders, owners, and integrators, farmers, feed millers, pre-mixes, meat processors, slaughterhouses, veterinarians, distributors, retailers, and others.  As the country’s highly regarded international trade fair for feed, livestock, and aquaculture since 2011, the show is expected to gather guests from thirty different nations aside from the scores of local visitors coming across the Philippines.


The exhibitions and seminars of Livestock Philippines will feature the latest innovations and expertise in feed, livestock, and aquaculture production that will definitely enhance DA’s programs and initiatives to help the country attain sustainable agricultural productivity.  The event will also provide brighter prospects for industry players as they finally get to experience quality face-to-face discussions with their prospective clients.

Additionally, Livestock Philippines 2022 will feature brand-new highlights like the Eggcellent Corner, Sustainability Square, and Innovation Zone that will promote various causes to encourage exhibitors and visitors to produce livestock, feed, and aquaculture in a more socially and environmentally responsible manner.  

On the first day of the event, the Batangas Egg Producers Cooperative (BEPCO) will also host the Philippines Layer Industry Forum to discuss the Egg – Roadmap – The Philippines Egg Industry Plan 365 which aims to make eggs part of the daily of the Filipinos.

All these initiatives are under the auspices of the DA which is helmed by no less than His Excellency, President Ferdinand “Bongbong” Marcos, Jr.  In his recent State of the Nation Address, the President believes that one of the main drivers for growth and employment will be the agriculture sector. Livestock Philippines will be one of the means through which the President will be able to further his goal of economic recovery as the nation prepares for a post-recovery situation.

Informa Markets-the show’s organizers-assures participants that Livestock Philippines will be a safe, more convenient, and efficient trade show experience through AllSecure which will provide health and safety standards for COVID19 on top of the government’s existing protocols. Ms. Rungplech “Rose” Chitanuwat, Regional Portfolio Director -ASEAN expressed confidence that this year’s show will be stronger and better than ever despite the challenges.  “With more than 150 support from the DA, we will make sure that Livestock Philippines is safe and will not pose causes for concern with the best biosecurity parameters that will be set up throughout the vicinity.

Moreover, our stakeholders are assured of getting their target market because all the industry players will be there as this will be the first gathering of the stakeholders in two years.  So expect the best and the finest in the industry to be at the show, particularly at this time when the Philippines is setting its sights towards reviving its economy through agriculture", she said.

For more information about Livestock Philippines 2022 visit https://www.livestockphilippines.com  or email:
- Sales:
  - Ms. Apple Limbo at apple.limbo@informa.com 
  - Ms. Rita Lau at rita.lau@informa.com
- Marketing:
  - Ms. Jomia Pagkatotohanan at jomia.pagkatotohanan@informa.com 

## About Informa Markets

Livestock Philippines is organized by Informa Markets, a division by Informa plc. Informa Markets creates platforms for industries and specialist markets to trade, innovate and grow. 

Our portfolio is comprised of more than 550 international B2B events and brands in markets including Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals, Infrastructure, Construction & Real Estate, Fashion & Apparel, Hospitality, Food & Beverage, and Health & Nutrition, among others. 

For more information: https://www.informamarkets.com



