---
title: "PCCI launches the 48th PBC&E, says PH is ready and open for business"
date: 2022-08-25
image: /covers/business.png
description: "The biggest and most highly anticipated business conference in the country is back in full face-to-face event after two years of being in global lockdowns brought by the COVID-19 pandemic"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---


The biggest and most highly anticipated business conference in the country is back in full face-to-face event after two years of being in global lockdowns brought by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

This was announced at the media launch for the 48th Philippine Business Conference & expo chaired by Ferdinand C.  Ferrer, president/CEO, EMS Components Assembly Inc. held recently at the Roma Salon, Manila Hotel.  

Ferrer said the conference theme “The Philippines Philippine Business Conference & Expo (PBC&E) highlights the readiness of the Philippine business to fully open up and help the economy move forward.  This year’s conference will be held on October 19-20, 2022 at the Manila Hotel. 

“We are extremely excited to announce that PBC this year will be in full face-to-face. We want to send the message across that the business community is serious to be get back on track and help the government sustain its growth momentum,” Ferdinand Ferrer, chairman of the 48th PBC&E.

Ferrer said that this year’s conference will look at how the new government will build on various economic reform measures initiated by former President Rodrigo Duterte to strengthen the country’s economic gains, solidify its leadership position in the ASEAN region and make a real difference to the economy and the Filipino people.

Ferrer also said that local and international delegates have already expressed interest to join the event. “We have started receiving inquiries from our members and local and international networks who are all looking forward to attending and doing business with us,” he added.

This year’s PBC will feature plenary sessions with local and international speakers and a dialogue with the country’s top economic managers who are expected to share their insights on the socio-economic agenda of the new administration.  

The PBC&E is PCCI’s annual business event that serves as a venue for policymakers, business leaders, diplomats, academe, and MSMEs to meet and discuss issues and come up with policy recommendations to help create a business environment that is sustainable and resilient.



