---
title: "DOST Balik Scientist Program invites public to watch Ikaw ang Hero Ko! webinar on August 30"
date: 2022-08-27
image: /covers/science.png
description: "UN Public Service Awards 2022 goes to DOST-Science for Change Program"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---


<!-- Saturday, August 27, 2022
 -->

Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | Ikaw ang Hero Ko!
Who | The DOST - Balik Scientist Program (BSP)
When | Tuesday, August 30, 2022 @ 11 AM
Where | Online Webinar @ Facebook


<!-- On national heroes day, let us all together learn who are our modern-day heroes as fellow Filipinos speak about their love for the country and the need for more Filipino scientists to come home and serve the Philippines.  -->

The DOST - Balik Scientist Program (BSP) invites the public to join the 3rd Episode of the webinar series “BSP Talks.” 

The online event entitled, “Ikaw ang Hero Ko!” will air on August 30, 2022 at 11 in the morning via the BSP Facebook  (https://tinyurl.com/BSPTalksEpisode3). 

It shall feature local researchers expressing their gratitude for Balik Scientists who have nurtured, strengthened and improved R&D initiatives in their respective organizations. Similarly, the webinar will stir hearts of potential applicants as we witness previous Balik Scientists host new Balik Scientists as they became part of local research institutions.

With the ongoing international health crisis, Balik Scientists have been one of the key groups that provided the needed expertise on virology and vaccine research.  Beyond COVID-19, these Balik Scientists have also assisted other communicable diseases affecting humans, plants and animals, such as the African Swine Fever (ASF).  

Such impressive contributions and commitment translated to the new concept of Balik Scientists as Modern Heroes.

The webinar will likewise be enjoined by members of the Pinoy Iskolars sa Korea, Inc. (PIKO), who will portray on the steps in preparing a Balik Scientist’s Terms of Reference (TOR) or the BSP Form 2 and submitting ones BSP application. The BSP Form 2 is a vital document that details how a Balik Scientist will be able to assist and help his/her host institution through the conduct of R&D activities, seminars and lectures, teaching, and mentoring their local counterparts. Additionally, it also identifies specific and tangible outputs and the expected impact of a Balik Scientist engagement.

Through the Balik Scientist Program (BSP), Filipino scientists, technologists, and experts are encouraged to return to the country and share their expertise in order to promote scientific, agro-industrial, and economic development, including the development of our human capital in science, technology and innovation.  The program was established in 1975 to counteract the nationwide concern on “brain drain” or the emigration of highly trained professionals from our country, in search of a better standard or living and quality of life, higher salaries, access to advanced technology and more stable political conditions in different places worldwide.

For applications or inquiries about the Balik Scientist Program, you may email the BSP Secretariat at bsp@dost.gov.ph.  Interested parties may also visit the BSP website [bsp.dost.gov.ph](https://bsp.dost.gov.ph) and the BSP Facebook Page.
