---
title: "Achieving Sustainable Development Goals through Science, Technology, and Innovation"
date: 2022-08-18
image: /covers/science.png
description: "Achieving Sustainable Development Goals through Science, Technology, and Innovation"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---



The Philippine Association for the Advancement of Science and Technology (PhilAAST) is pleased to announce its 71st Annual Convention to be held on 09 September 2022 with the general theme "Accelerating Transformations for Sustainable Development through Science, Technology, and Innovation.” 

As part of the celebration, the PhilAAST invites all interested parties to join the virtual webinar series this August 2022 that will focus on important issues and concerns on Health and Wellness; Sustainable Utilization of Water, Land, and Soil Resources; and Accelerating Transformations of Sustainable Development through STI in Digital Revolution.

Recently, the Association conducted virtual webinars on Climate Resilience and Sustainable Communities, and Integrated Energy Solutions Addressing Security and Sustainability on 19 and 26 July 2022, respectively. 

It addressed emerging challenges on climate change and energy security and sustainability, where primary considerations in crafting a concrete strategy and implementing integrated energy solutions in the country were brought forth and discussed in detail. This event was jointly hosted by the Department of Science and Technology (DOST), the premier government agency mandated to provide central direction, leadership and coordination of scientific and technological efforts to ensure that the results there from are geared and utilized in areas of maximum economic and social benefits for the people.

As a private organization of scientists and technologists, the PhilAAST recognizes the significant role of the DOST in promoting and making use of science, technology, and innovation in the country to its full extent for national development. Over the years, the
PhilAAST has witnessed the irrefutable relevance of the DOST to society through its programs, projects, and activities that encompass almost every socio-economic sector. Moreover, the DOST has been the PhilAAST’s active and reliable partner in the pursuit of promoting and advancing the value of science, technology and innovation in the country.

The PhilAAST also lauds the recognition received by the DOST in the international arena. The United Nations (UN) recognized the DOST on two separate occasions: the UN Public Service Award for the category of "Enhancing the effectiveness of public institutions to reach the SDGs”, and most recently, the "Small Enterprise Technology Upgrading Program 4.0 (SETUP 4.0),” which is the DOST’s flagship program in the regions, as part of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) platform. This recognition from an esteemed foreign organization only shows the DOST’s unwavering commitment to the improvement of the quality of life of Filipinos through innovative S&T interventions.

Science and technology was also among the viable solutions identified by His Excellency President Ferdinand R. Marcos, Jr. in his first State of the Nation Address last 25 July 2022, in response to the many and pressing issues being faced by the country. Improvement in the agricultural sector, climate change mitigation, and management of emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases are among the priority agenda of the President, and are all within the thrusts and mandate of the DOST. 

The PhilAAST is confident that the DOST is competently able to maneuver the realization of the President’s relevant S&T plans in the next six (6) years for the betterment of the country. In order to realize this, the Department’s S&T plans and programs need to bebolstered and strengthened further, with a strong and able leader in the forefront who understands the dynamic nature of science, technology, and innovation in order to steer the organization in the achievement of better results through excellent and efficient S&T services for the Filipino people.

The PhilAAST is a non-stock and non-profit organization that aims to promote and
broaden the base of scientific advancement in the country. For details on the organization’s webinar series, awards, activities, and membership opportunities, please contact the PhilAAST through e-mail philaast@yahoo.com,  or you can visit the PhilAAST Facebook Page at https://www.facebook.com/PhilAAST.


