---
title: "6th Annual Philippines OpenGov Leadership Forum 2022"
date: 2022-08-24
image: /covers/govt.png
description: "The Philippine government started a drive to in 2018 – now a law, the Ease of Doing Business and Efficient Delivery of Government Service Act 2018 (EODB law) is aimed at stopping much red tape or bureaucracy in government offices"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---


<!-- Wednesday, August 24, 2022 -->


The Philippine government started a drive to in 2018 – now a law, the Ease of Doing Business and Efficient Delivery of Government Service Act 2018 (EODB law) is aimed at stopping much red tape or bureaucracy in government offices.

Last year, the Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) and the Anti-Red Tape Authority (ARTA) launched the first phase of the Central Business Portal, which aims to provide individuals and businesses with forms and requirements for registering a business. This first step is just one of many that will require digitalising government services.

Ultimately, the goal is to bring efficiencies as the government delivers public service, accelerate the financial recovery after the pandemic, make the nation resilient, and have inclusive economic growth.

Philippine OpenGov Leadership Forum is the best event to help governments and enterprises to break down silos, collaborate, and work together for better outcomes for citizens.

For the past few years, OpenGov has consistently gathered over 250 top decision makers and civil servants to meet their international counterparts to discuss key issues relating to digital transformation.

Our award-winning OpenGov Gamification Table (OGT) allows for intimate interaction with delegates from key government agencies and FSI organisations to discuss areas of common concern.

Each OGT is hosted by a senior government official and an industry leader. The OGT provides an opportunity for open discussion with our international and domestic speakers. It also serves as a means for an intimate sharing and learning session, that is parallel to none.

Come join us at the Philippines OpenGov Leadership Forum 2022


