---
title: "2021 Presidential Awards for Filipino Individuals and Organizations Overseas (PAFIOO)"
date: 2022-06-28
image: /covers/govt.png
description: "The Commission on Filipinos Overseas (CFO) is pleased to announce to the public the fifty-six (56) distinguished and outstanding overseas Filipinos and foreign-based organizations from 20 countries and territories"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---

<!-- Tuesday, June 28, 2022 -->

Filipino Individuals and Overseas Organizations 2021 Presidential Awards Recipients


The Commission on Filipinos Overseas (CFO) is pleased to announce to the public the fifty-six (56) distinguished and outstanding overseas Filipinos and foreign-based organizations from 20 countries and territories who will be honored by President Rodrigo Roa Duterte with the 2021 Presidential Awards for Filipino Individuals and Organizations Overseas (PAFIOO).

Institutionalized in 1991 through Executive Order No. 498, the PAFIOO is a biennial search for overseas-based organizations or individuals who have dedicated their work in the service of Filipinos in the Philippines or abroad, selflessly supported relief, rehabilitation, and development programs in the home country, or excelled in their field of work or profession.

The awardees were selected from a total of 117 nominations received by the CFO-PAFIOO Secretariat since it opened the nominations in August 2019. These nominations came from 31 countries and were endorsed by 39 Philippine Foreign Service Posts across Asia, North and South America, Europe, and Australia.

The awardees were thoroughly screened through a 4-stage evaluation process. The first stage consisted of an evaluation by the Awards Screening Committee established and convened by the Philippine Foreign Service Posts. 

Nominees endorsed by the Posts went through the second stage of the evaluation process by an eight-member inter-agency Technical Committee composed of senior representatives from the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA), Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE), Department of Science and Technology (DOST), Department of Health (DOH), National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA), De La Salle University (representing the academe), Center for Migrant Advocacy (representing the migrant NGO), and the Commission on Filipinos Overseas (CFO) as the Chair.

Nominees whose ratings met the passing rate were further screened by a multi-sectoral Executive Committee headed by the CFO and comprised of senior officials and representatives from the DFA, Office of the Presidential Protocol, Episcopal Commission for Pastoral Care for Migrants, and Itinerant People (representing the religious sector), Dynamic Outsource Solutions 1 Inc. (representing the private sector), and GMA Network, Inc. (representing the media). A shortlist was then submitted to the Office of the President for final evaluation and approval.
Details of the awarding ceremony are to be announced at a later time owing to the fluidity of circumstances in the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

The PAFIOO has 4 award categories:

1. Lingkod sa Kapwa Pilipino (LINKAPIL)
2. Pamana ng Pilipino
3. Banaag
4. Kaanib ng Bayan.


## LINGKOD SA KAPWA PILIPINO (LINKAPIL) AWARDEES

The LINKAPIL Award is conferred on Filipino individuals and organizations for exceptional or significant contribution to the reconstruction, progress, and development of the Philippines. The recipients of the 2021 Presidential LINKAPIL Award are:


## PAMANA NG PILIPINO AWARDEES

The Pamana ng Pilipino Award is conferred on Filipino overseas, who, in exemplifying the talent and industry of the Filipino, have brought the country honor and recognition through excellence and distinction in the pursuit of their work or profession. The recipients of the 2021 Presidential Pamana ng Pilipino Award are:

 
## BANAAG AWARDEES

The Banaag Award is conferred on Filipino individuals and organizations for their contributions which have significantly benefited a sector or advanced the cause of overseas Filipino communities. The recipients of the 2021 Presidential Banaag Award are:


## KAANIB NG BAYAN AWARDEES

The Kaanib ng Bayan Award is conferred to foreign individuals and organizations for their exceptional or significant contribution to Philippine reconstruction, progress, and development, or have significantly benefited a sector or community in the Philippines, or advanced the cause of overseas Filipino communities. The recipients of the 2021 Presidential Kaanib ng Bayan Award are:


## SPECIAL CITATION

Special Citation will also be given

For further information, please contact the PAFIOO Secretariat:

Commission on Filipinos Overseas
E-mail: pafioo@cfo.gov.ph
Facebook: www.facebook.com/gawadpangulo
Website: www.presidentialawards.cfo.gov.ph


