---
title: "DOST-S4CP Summit highlighted Agri, Energy and Pharma Technologies for MSMEs"
date: 2022-07-16
image: /covers/tech.png
description: "DOST-S4CP Summit highlighted Agri, Energy and Pharma Technologies for MSMEs in NCR & South Luzon"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---


<!-- Thursday, June 16, 2022 -->

Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | Summit Series
By Whom | DOST - Science for Change Program (DOST-S4CP)
When | Friday, June 10, 2022

---


The DOST-S4CP held the final leg of its Summit Series last Friday, June 10, 2022 at Crimson Hotel in Alabang. 

Focusing on projects located in Metro Manila and South Luzon, the summit presented technologies related to agriculture, pharmaceutical products, and technologies in support of the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) in the mentioned areas.  

With total funding amounting to Php1.16 Billion for the National Capital Region (NCR) and South Luzon, the Science for Change Program continuously supports R&D projects in Manila, despite its aim of decentralizing government funds to the regions. 

We have Php 880 Million for NICERs (15 NICERs), Php8.49 Million for RD Lead (20 RD Leads), Php258.5 Million for CRADLE (55 CRADLE) and Php20.95 Million (2 BISTs) 

“Science for Change forges new partnerships and synergizes the efforts of our local science community to support projects for nation-building,” says DOST Secretary Fortunato T. de la Peña.  “To accelerate R&D in the country, there is a need to focus our efforts and resources on sustainable solutions that contribute significantly to the economic development of the country.” 

“Our way forward for the S4CP is sustainability. We, as STI Champions, have the responsibility to continuously encourage more partners to engage in Research and Development in the country. We must remain incessant in our pursuit to advance Science and Technology that would result in more society-centric solutions,” said DOST Undersecretary for Regional Operations Sancho A. Mabborang. 

In focus is the plasma coating technology for furniture being developed by the University of the Philippines - Diliman in partnership with Filipinas Oro de Cacao, Inc.  Funded by the Collaborative Research and Development to Leverage Philippine Economy (CRADLE) Program under DOST-S4CP, the project will develop a dry-based cleaning system for the food manufacturing industry.  This system could improve the food industry's productivity and reduce operating expenses by using a fast and efficient plasma cleaning technology that does not use expensive wet-based chemicals. At the same time, the system may contribute to the reduction of wastes generated during the cleaning process. 

Showcased in the summit are other R&D breakthroughs like the partnership between UP Diliman and Batangas Egg Producers Cooperative (BEPCO) to produce egg powder from low value, cracked eggs. Studies on sambong to standardize the use in therapeutic medicine is also being funded under CRADLE with Pascual Pharma Corporation and the Technological Institute of the Philippines.  

For the Niche Centers in the Regions for R&D (NICER) Program, four innovation centers have been established in Metro Manila and South Luzon.  The Center for Advanced Materials for Clean Energy Technologies based on Indigenous Materials (CAMCET) is in University of Santo Tomas .  In this project, a Direct ethanol fuel cell (DEFC)-powered emergency LED flashlight with cellphone charging ports and textile-based supercapacitors will be developed based on biomass-derived electrocatalysts / electrocatalysts support. The project proposes to find a solution to increase the potential, life cycle, and stabilize the capacitance of a supercapacitor using organic material. Other NICERs in NCR and South Luzon include the Pili R&D Center in Bicol University, NICER Native Pig Center in Marinduque State University, and NICER on Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Center in the University of the Philippines - Manila.

“For a time, the Philippines experienced regional disparity in access to major resources that would fuel innovation and socio-economic growth, which is why the DOST implemented the S4CP to address the concern and to advance STI in the country,” related DOST Undersecretary for R&D Rowena Cristina L. Guevara.  “The summit is a call to our stakeholders to support regional development through the Science for Change Program. 

For companies who wish to avail of the I-CRADLE program, you may contact the DOST-Science for Change Project Management Office at 2/F ADMATEL Bldg., DOST Compound, Gen. Santos Ave., Bicutan, Taguig City, with telephone numbers (02) 8837-2943/ 8837-2930.  You may also send an email to s4c.ousecrd@dost.gov.ph.  
