---
title: "Philippine Electric Vehicle Summit Returns on October 20-21"
date: 2022-08-09
image: /covers/tech.png
description: "The Electric Vehicle Association of the Philippines (EVAP), together with the Manila Electric Company (MERALCO) and in partnership with the Department of Energy (DOE) and Nissan Philippines Inc., is hosting the 10th Philippine Electric Vehicle Summit (PEVS) set on October 20 and 21, 2022 at the SMX Convention Center Manila."
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---

<!-- Tuesday, August 9, 2022 -->


Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | 10th Philippine Electric Vehicle Summit (PEVS)
By Whom | EVAP with MERALCO, DOE, Nissan Philippines
When | October 20 and 21, 2022
Where | SMX Convention Center in Pasay City
---


<!-- The country’s biggest annual EV conference and exhibition will mark its first physical staging after two years of the COVID-19 pandemic.  -->

The event will be staged through a combined in-person and virtual format focusing on promoting electric vehicles in the country as it brings together stakeholders across the EV value chain including policymakers, regulators, academe, consultants, transport companies, power utilities and end-users to engage in policy dialogue as well as long-term collaboration to drive adoption of electric vehicles and deployment of the EV charging infrastructure.

## Motorcade

To kick off the 10th PEVS, the EV Owners Society (EVOS) will be holding a motorcade in the morning of October 20, 2022 showcasing the latest means of electric mobility around the Mall of Asia (MOA) Complex.


{{< q >}}
<p>The event aims to showcase the EV industry’s solidarity in fulfilling the policy objectives of the Electric Vehicle Industry Development Act (EVIDA) or Republic Act No. 11697 which aims to incentivize the rapid adoption of electric vehicles and charging stations in the country.</p>
<p>In keeping with our President’s message for Filipinos to unite, our theme for the PEVS is aptly titled: “United in Driving Electromobility in Support of the Electric Vehicle Industry Development Act (EVIDA) or Republic Act No. 11697”. We believe that generating demand on electric vehicles and encouraging investments in charging stations can help reduce the country's economic vulnerability due to our heavy dependence on oil imports especially during these very challenging times</p>
<cite>Mr. Edmund Araga, president of EVAP</cite>
{{< /q >}}

President Ferdinand Marcos, Jr. has been invited as the guest of honor and keynote speaker.

## EVIDA-IRRs

The Electric Vehicle Industry Development Act - Implementing Rules and Regulations (EVIDA-IRRs) and the Comprehensive Roadmap for the Electric Vehicle Industry (CREVI), which is the much-anticipated national development plan for the EV industry to accelerate the development, commercialization and utilization of EVs, will be presented by the Department of Energy (DOE) during the event.

EVAP will be unveiling a new logo during the event. 

{{< q >}}
<p>This is the right time for us to rebrand to reflect EVAP’s vision of a modern and electrified road transport in the Philippines. We also wanted to reaffirm our commitment to advance the country's transition to EVs by advocating and supporting enabling policies, rules and regulations to accelerate their deployment in the public and private sectors.</p>
<cite>Mr. Edmund Araga, president of EVAP</cite>
{{< /q >}}


The 10th PEVS will also recognize personalities and institutions advocating and promoting the adoption of electromobility in the Philippine transportation sector through the conferment of the E-mobility Awards.

Mr. Araga also discussed the line-up of topics for the 10th PEVS which include:

- Comprehensive Roadmap for the Electric Vehicle Industry
- Encouraging More Players in the EV Charging Space
- Global Trends and Current Issues Faced by the EV Industry
- ASEAN Federation of Electric Vehicle Association (AFEVA) Policy Dialogue
- Spurring EV Manufacturing Through the Strategic Investment Promotion Plan (SIPP) and the EV Incentive Strategy (EVIS)
- Public and Private E-mobility Programs
- EV Technology Presentations

Visit www.evap.com.ph to register.