---
title: "Unveiling the Simulation Packaging Testing Laboratory (SPTL) and Green Packaging Laboratory (GPL) An Epilogue"
date: 2022-06-19
image: /covers/tech.png
description: "One of the important DOST Projects under its Big 21 in 2021 is the establishment of the Simulation Packaging Testing Laboratory (SPTL) and Green Packaging Laboratory (GPL)"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---

<!-- Sunday, June 19, 2022 -->


One of the important DOST Projects under its Big 21 in 2021 is the establishment of the Simulation Packaging Testing Laboratory (SPTL) and Green Packaging Laboratory (GPL).  

This project was funded through the DOST-GIA and implemented by the ITDI-Packaging Technology Division (PTD).  The ‘Unveiling Event’ for these two laboratories will be held on June 20, 2022 at 2:00 pm at the SPTL/GPL site inside the DOST Compound, Bicutan, Taguig.  The Keynote Speaker is DOST Secretary Fortunato De La Peña.  Key players from the private sector and academic institutions are expected to attend the event.


## SPTL/GPL 

The SPTL was designed based on international standards in developing packaging design, performance evaluation and in developing testing protocols for distribution packaging.  With SPTL, the current capability of PTD in developing packaging design and performance testing of transport packaging will be significantly expanded.   

On the other hand, the green packaging lab or GPL is being established to provide alternative packaging or packaging options to the consumers, and not in any way to discriminate any type of packaging materials.  Green packaging could not be directly equated to biodegradable packaging.  GPL envisions to do research on the following areas:

- Processes that will reduce energy consumption and solid/liquid waste
- Materials reduction without compromising product quality and consumer safety
- Use of indigenous and renewable materials
- Circular/Recycling technologies
- Waste utilization
- Waste disposal

