---
title: "Retail and E-Commerce Summit Asia 2022"
date: 2022-06-23
image: /covers/tech.png
description: "One of the important DOST Projects under its Big 21 in 2021 is the establishment of the Simulation Packaging Testing Laboratory (SPTL) and Green Packaging Laboratory (GPL)"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---


In the past, retail and e-commerce were pitted in competition. Their mediums were different, and their customers were from different generations. Nowadays, because of the pandemic and the sudden shift in the world, retail & e-commerce can now co-exist.

E-commerce is being considered a key engine for growth is evident as the country witnesses the rapid changes placed across the globe as the pandemic continues. While the e-commerce market in the Philippines has seen a gradual growth based on the 2020 revenue figures, the country continues to rely on it for the economy to manage recovery along with other means. 

At the onset of the pandemic, at least 37% of the Philippines’ digital service consumers were new to online services according to a report issued by Google, Temasek, and Bain & Co. In spite of this, the report also stated that 95% of users will likely continue using online channels post-pandemic.

With the alarming concerns of health and safety, the uptake of e-money largely contributed to the significant growth of e-wallets and digital payments as Filipinos opt to complete their transactions through online fund transfers and bills payment. While effects on the brick-and-mortar businesses are slowly coming up, especially in the retail industry, experts say albeit the market is shifting online, there is a significant presence offline prompting businesses to strategize on how to weave in offline & online services into customers’ purchase experience. Retail brands’ visibility across different channels increases purchase rates and as consumers today move towards the convenience of online purchasing, brands are able to understand more of their customer’s behavior, therefore, propelling personalization which is crucial in creating a strategy relevant to customer personas. 

Because of the growing e-commerce market in the Philippines, the logistics and warehousing industry is expected to see a demand from 2021-2022 with fulfillment centers as a contributory factor. The increasing need for warehouses as the country continues to navigate through the challenges posed by the pandemic is also likely to be automated in the future as developments take place at its maturity. As consumers like to know where their purchases are in the midst of delivery fulfillment, businesses have to be able to provide real-time information through technology to bridge the gap in the supply chain.

As we move past two years with the pandemic, brands are eager to create a more seamless, personalized consumer overall experience, be it offline or online. Produced by Rockbird Media, the Retail & E-commerce Asia 2022 – Philippines Edition – is set to gather leaders of respectable brands across sectors to convene in high-level sessions about the most pressing and most in-demand topics in E-commerce today. Divided into two programs, we have topics curated accordingly for you.

<!-- Visit here for ticket details: Rockbird -->

