---
title: "PH Digicon 2022 to harness the ‘Boundless’ Spirit of Businesses"
date: 2022-07-21
image: /covers/cyber.png
description: "PH Digicon 2022 to harness the ‘Boundless’ Spirit of Businesses"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---


<!-- Thursday, July 21, 2022 -->


Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | PH Digicon 2022
By Who | PLDT Enterprise
When | October 27-28, 2022
Where | Marriott Grand Ballroom in Pasay City

---


PLDT Enterprise sets the stage for the most prestigious digital thought leadership conference, the Philippine Digital Convention (PH Digicon). Its 2022 run marks the return of an onsite PH Digicon for delegates, with its last face-to-face conference held in 2019.

{{< q >}}
<p>We are thrilled for the return of PH Digicon as an in-person event where we could physically connect and interact with delegates</p>
<cite>Jojo G. Gendrano, FVP and Head of PLDT and Smart Enterprise</cite>
{{< /q >}}

Mr. Gendrano highlighted that this year’s edition will carry the theme Boundless, aligned with how enterprises of all sizes have been resilient and capable of reaching new heights amid crisis.


{{< q >}}
<p>The recent years presented businesses with restrictions that challenged their pursuit for growth, yet they persevered. For this year’s PH Digicon, we aim to capitalize on lessons learned from the pandemic for them to fully grasp their ability to be Boundless. This event offers an excellent platform for all industry stakeholders to explore the possibilities gained from digital transformation. We are all excited to discover what the future holds for different enterprises. Though restrictions have eased for in-person engagements, we will implement the necessary health protocols to ensure that our attendees will have a safe physical event experience</p>
<cite>Jojo G. Gendrano</cite>
{{< /q >}}


Thought leaders will share the latest digital trends and innovations that can empower businesses to reinvent their operations and accelerate growth. Participants can also engage with multi-industry global leaders to learn about the latest business models and technologies that thrive in today’s dynamic business landscape.

PLDT Group President and CEO Alfredo S. Panlilio hopes that the relevant insights to be presented at the PH Digicon 2022 will help enterprises maximize opportunities and prosper in the digital age. 

{{< q >}}
<p>We enjoin enterprises to push past boundaries, pursue endless possibilities, and reach greater heights in the new world of business, re-shaped over the past two years.</p>
<cite>Alfredo S. Panlilio, PLDT Group President and CEO</cite>
{{< /q >}}


Now on its 9th year, PH Digicon 2022 will feature distinguished speakers in its plenary sessions, while fellowship nights will allow delegates to network with global leaders, sponsors, and fellow participants from across all industries. 

The event will have a hybrid setup designed for virtual attendees to watch via a live broadcast. 

The 2-day convention is expected to attract a total of 10,000 delegates from around the world.

The convention’s previous run, titled "Revolution", attracted over 7,000 local and international delegates from across the globe, including 1,200 C-level executives, entrepreneurs, and key officers. Over 3,000 participating companies joined 70 online activities over 30 hours of live stream sessions throughout the 3-day, fully-virtual event. 

<!--  PLDT Inc. and  Chairman ,  Senior Vice President and Head of  ,  President ,  President ,  President  -->

The 2021 leg was attended by top executives such as:
- Manuel Pangilinan of Metro Pacific Investments Corporation
- John Harrington of Nokia Asia Pacific and Japan
- Nicholas Ma of Huawei Asia Pacific Enterprise Business Group
- Yasuo Suzuki of NTT Global Data Center
- Dave West of Cisco Asia Pacific, Japan and Greater China

They were joined by over 100 thought leaders and industry experts from various regions.

PLDT Enterprise launched PH Digicon in 2014 as an avenue where global industry mavens, thought leaders, and pioneers in technology come together to drive technological empowerment among enterprises across the country.

Registration details for PH Digicon 2022 will be available soon. For more information, visit www.pldtenterprise.com/phdigicon2022
