---
title: "Building a Cyber-Resilient Philippines at PHILSEC 2022!"
date: 2022-06-22
image: /covers/cyber.png
description: "Building a Cyber-Resilient Philippines at PHILSEC 2022!"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---

<!-- Wednesday, June 22, 2022 -->


The Department of Information and Communications Technology (DICT) in the Philippines launched the National Cybersecurity Plan 2022 (NCSP) with an aim to make the nation cyber secure. As per several reports, the country needs to spend over $20 billion on cybersecurity between 2017 and 2025 to compare with the “global best-in-class countries”.

To maximize the efforts of DICT, Tradepass is hosting the 2nd edition PhilSec on 12 – 13 July 2022. The event will host 600+ cybersecurity experts (in-person & virtual) including the Heads of Information Security, Risk, Compliance, Forensics and Cyber Law from the leading public and private enterprises across the Philippines.


## EVOLVING CYBER THREAT IN PHILIPPINES

With 74 million active internet users and a flourishing IT sector, the Philippines is booming with digitization which is also breeding a plethora of cybercrimes. Government, Healthcare, Retail, F&B, or any other sector, the cyber-attackers have got them all.

The Bank of the Philippines Islands (BPI) has taken down over 2,000 phishing sites since the onset of the pandemic. The organizations in the country are looking to adopt and integrate a robust cybersecurity framework in their work infrastructure to avoid yearly massive losses.

Number | Name
--- | ---
2,000 | phishing sites taken down by BPI
869 | online scams between Mar-Sep '20
134,556 | android malware attacks in 2019
900,000 | customers’ data compromised in 2019


