
---
title: "PhilSec 2022, a two-day event Focused on Philippines’ Cybersecurity"
date: 2022-07-01
image: /covers/cyber.png
description: "Building a Cyber-Resilient Philippines at PHILSEC 2022!"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
---


<!-- Friday, July 1, 2022 -->

Info | Details 
--- | ---
What | PhilSec 2022
By Whom | DICT
When | July 12-13, 2022
Where | Sofitel Philippine Plaza in Manila
---


PhilSec 2022 is a two-day event focused on Philippines’ cybersecurity.

It will provide a common congregation point for the leading cybersecurity providers and many seeking organisations to network, collaborate and share the latest intel from cybersecurity. 

The event will also reward the best security minds who have well established their expertise, leadership and excellence in the industry.

<!-- Philippines’ premier cybersecurity event - PhilSec 2022, that aims to support The Department of Information and Communications Technology, will also acknowledge the best of cybersecurity talents at its award segment i.e., PhilSec Awards 2022.  -->


The 2nd edition of PhilSec will feature 6 award categories:

1. Cyber Woman of the Year
2. CISO of the Year
3. Best Security Professional (Public Sector)
4. Best Security Professional (Private Sector)
5. Digital Leader of the Year
6. GRC Leader of the Year

To ensure the best participation and recognition for the event and its awards segment, PhilSec 2022 has the most influential body of Advisory Board and Jury Members that include:
- Allan S Cabanlong, Advisor & Former Assistant Secretary - Cybersecurity & Enabling Technologies, DICT
- BGen. Jess Lomeda (Ret), Cybersecurity Specialist, Former Head of the Cyber Division, Department of National Defense – Philippines
- Carrine Teoh, Chief  Strategy Officer, Bond Holdings & Vice President, ASEAN CIO Association
- Joey Fontiveros, Deputy Commander - Cyber Battalion, Philippines Army
- Steven Sim Kok Leong, President, ISACA Singapore Chapter.

<!-- As one of the esteemed jury members,  is of the opinion, “ -->
{{< q >}}
<p>PhilSec Awards 2022 serves as a fusion of the best and explorative minds of technology and security. It provides the impetus for shaping the environment of synergy and dynamism towards emerging technologies and the growing concern of cybersecurity.</p>
<cite>Joey Fontiveros, Deputy Commander, Cyber Battalion, Philippines Army</cite>
{{< /q >}}


This award program will dive into the rich talent pool of myriad cybersecurity experts and bestow honour upon their groundbreaking work that has empowered and uplifted the entire cybersecurity landscape.

{{< q >}}
<p>PhilSec Awards 2022 is a wonderful  initiative to recognise Philippine's best minds in cybersecurity and to celebrate their excellence. Through such role models, this platform exemplifies and highlights the most important professional values and leadership traits that the rest of the community should learn from and adopt!"</p>
<cite>Steven Sim Kok Leong (President, ISACA Singapore Chapter)</cite>
{{< /q >}}

For more information about the event, log on to: https://philsecsummit.com/


## About Tradepass

Providing access to the global emerging markets, Tradepass brings together people, products and solutions to power events for unparalleled business and networking opportunities. Being the most accredited event company, it helps organizations: enter new markets, grow sales pipeline, close prospects, raise capital and identify the right solution-providers. As a deal facilitator, Tradepass is always determined about exposing the most agile liquid growth markets, to enable all-round scalability and growth.
