---
title: "Get Ready to get Loco, S Maison x Auro Chocolate:World Chocolate Fair is Happening"
date: 2022-08-24
image: /covers/promos.png
description: "Get Ready to get Loco, S Maison x Auro Chocolate:World Chocolate Fair is Happening!"
author: Tin Gonzales
icon: /icons/tin.png
draft: true
---



Calling Auroholics! 

The very first biggest and grandest World Chocolate Fair in the Philippines returns for the 3rd time with a 5-day event with all your most delectable, mouth-watering and limited-edition desserts crafted with Auro Chocolate at the Main Atrium of S Maison, Conrad Manila.

The internationally awarded award-winning premium proudly-Filipino chocolate company, Auro Chocolate together with S Maison, premium dining and lifestyle destination in MOA Complex brings your most whimsical chocolate dreams into life as they hold the third iteration of World Chocolate Fair here in the country from July 6 to 10, 2022.


## AURO CHOCOLATE LAND

What can you expect?

1. Pick-a-Bu at Bubu Bars

Luscious handcrafted 100% vegan ice cream coated with Auro’s decadent dark chocolate

- NEW BU! - Dark Chocolate Cacao Crunch

A rich dark chocolate ice cream dipped in 64% single origin Auro Dark Chocolate,
topped with Auro cacao nibs and lightly sprinkled with Maldon Sea Salt.

- You Little Monkey

A luscious vegan ice cream blended with caramelized roasted bananas covered
in thick Auro 55% single origin dark chocolate topped with toasted almonds and
Biscoff crumble.

- Fancy Pants

A sweet and tart vegan ice cream blended with roasted strawberries covered in thick Auro 77% single origin dark chocolate topped with freeze dried strawberries.

- Nuts for You

A delicately flavored vegan ice cream with hints of Bourbon vanilla and light creamy caramel covered in thick Auro 55% single origin dark chocolate topped with salted almond praline.

-Golden Goodness

A vegan hazelnut ice cream delicately flavored using premium roasted Piedmont
hazelnuts, enrobed in thick Auro 55% single origin dark chocolate and chopped hazelnuts. Inspired by that iconic gold chocolate confection.

- Basic Bu

A smooth and creamy vanilla bean vegan ice cream, covered in thick Auro 55% single origin dark chocolate. As basic as it gets


2. Wickedly Divine Treats from Half Saints

The award-winning 64% Dark Chocolate Tart will be making a comeback in the South
and will be sold in slices! Also watch out for their NEW AND LIMITED EDITION MENU
EXCLUSIVELY AVAILABLE DURING WCF ONLY:
a. Dark Chocolate and Salted Caramel Marble Sans Rival (4-inch) Dark chocolate mousse and salted caramel buttercream marbled in between layers of mixed-nuts dacquoise cookies, with dried orange slices, milk chocolate chunks, and mint leaves.
b. Spiced Chocolate Tres Leches (4-inch)
Spiced chocolate cake soaked overnight in three kinds of milk, toppedgenerously with chocolate whipped cream and pools of dark chocolate ganache, garnished with pistachio chunks and dried rose petals.

3. Chonkies Overload at Overdoughs

Cute in size but definitely thicker and chocolatier! Discover OD’s signature Mini Chonky Coookies “Chonkies” baked with Auro’s award-winning chocolate.
a. Triple Choco Chonkies Overdough’s best-selling cookies are baked with a rich blend of three kinds of Chocolates and indulgent French butter.
b. Salted Dark & Cream Chonkies
Dark Chocolate Cookies made from Auro dark chocolates and cocoa powder, filled with OD’s special chocolate cream filling, and topped with Kosher salt!
c. White Choco and Oats Chonkies
Freshly baked cookies made with Auro white chocolate, mixed with toasted rolled oats and oatmeal and filled with luscious dulce de leche.

4. Specialty Coffee, Hot Chocolate and Dear Delilah at The Black Bean

The Black Bean is coming to the S Maison area offering good vibes, great coffee and
NEW DRINKS you have to watch out for!
a. Lavender Hot Chocolate
Introducing the NEWEST HOT CHOCOLATE of The Black Bean! Get it first at the World Chocolate Fair - Auro 77% dark chocolate, dairy or oat milk, homemade lavender syrup
b. Dear Delilah
Moist chocolate cake, custard cream, Auro 77% dark chocolate ganache
c. Mocha Double shot espresso, Auro 77% dark chocolate
d. Coffee:
Black (espresso / longblack)
White (flatwhite / latte)

5. Exclusive Sneak Peek on Auro’s Newest Menu & Chocolate Bars!
Discover Auro Cafe’s exclusive sweet and savory chocolate and cacao infused
Sourdough Pan de Tsokolate! And watch out for NEW and EXCITING cacao and
chocolate products that will be exclusively introduced during the fair!

WATCH OUT FOR:
a. New cafe menu
1. Sourdough Pan de Tsokolate - Beef Pares
b. NEW LOOK on Heritage Bars
1. Cashew Dulce (known as 32% Roasted White Chocolate w/ Cashew)
2. Mocha Crunch (known as 55% Dark Chocolate w/ Arabica Coffee)
c. PLANT BASED Chocolate bars!
1. 34% Calamasi Cheesecake White Chocolate w/ Spiced Cookie
2. 47% Milk Chocolate w/ Salted Peanut
OTHER MENU TO EXPECT
d. Auro Cafe (existing menu)
1. Triple Choco Cookie
2. Choco Peanut Cookie
3. Sourdough Pan de Tsokolate - Tinapa
4. Sourdough Pan de Tsokolate - Ube Halaya White
5. Sourdough Pan de Tsokolate - Roasted White Chocolate and Casshew

6. Shop Auro Chocolate at Kultura
Calling all chocolate lovers! Homegrown Filipino brand Auro Chocolate will be available
at the Kultura booth! Support local and snack on delicious uniquely Filipino chocolate
treats!

7. Conrad Manila’s Signature Treats and Pastries Savor Conrad Manila’s exquisitely handcrafted chocolates and pastries delicately made with Auro Chocolate.

8. Cacao Series All Day at Serenitea
Discover’s Serenitea’s exclusive Cacao Series Milk tea crafted with Auro Chocolate
a. Trio Chocolate
b. Cacao Frost
c. Cacao Cookie Supreme
d. Cacao Cookies N' Cream
9. Celebrate The Goodness of Home with Cafe Mary Grace
a. Dark Chocolate Cheesecake
Mary Grace’s limited edition Dark Chocolate Cheesecake is making a special
appearance in the World Chocolate Fair! Imagine digging into a classic
cheesecake base enveloped in single-origin Davao dark chocolate ganache, and
then garnished with almond chocolate bark and orange cream to add even more flavor and texture! Baked with 64% Auro dark chocolate - lending a rich yet balanced chocolate taste to a timeless cake flavour!

10. Poison Doughnuts & Coffee
Expect Poison’s dangerously addicting coffee and deadly doughnuts that will keep you
wanting for more!
a. Salted Dark Sourdough brioche doughnut dipped in Auro dark chocolate and sprinkled with flaky sea salt.
b. Champorado
Sourdough brioche doughnut dipped in Auro dark chocolate, rice crispies and sprinkled
with tuyo flakes
c. Hazelnut Blue Cheese
Sourdough brioche doughnut dipped in Auro chocolate and pure hazelnut spread,
sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles
d. Turon Caramel coated sourdough brioche doughnut with banana langka compote
e. Camembert Walnut
Caramelized walnut and raspberry jam glazed doughnut filled with camembert custard
f. Cafe Latte - Rich bold espresso balanced with steamed milk. Comes in a tall 10oz
bottle
g. Cold brew
Smooth cold steeped coffee made with premium coffee beans. Comes in a tall 10oz
bottle
h. Americano - A full shot of espresso blended with pure water. Comes in a 10oz bottle 

And to complete the experience, you can win exciting prizes! All you have to do is take an
Instagram Reel/Photos and follow and tag S Maison, Auro Chocolate and all the participating brands. Don’t forget to use the hashtag #SMaisonxAuroChocolateFair. 

The (1) winner will be notified via DM on July 9, 2022 at 3PM and may claim the prize the same day or on Sunday, during fair hours.
Jul 10, 2022

The 5 day chocolate fair is FREE! No entrance fee! But make sure to come prepared to shopall the limited-edition treats and pastries crafted with !Auro ChocolateThe mall will be implementing strict safety protocols. 

Get ready to experience your chocolate dreams come into life!

OFFICIAL HASHTAGS:#SMaisonExclusive #SMaisonxAuroChocolateFair #AuroChocolate #AuroExperience


